Di Yuan, are you okay?
I’m fine.
They know I’m the Emperor’s person.
They dare not harm me.
That’s good. Do you have a solution?
If not, I’ll send people to arrest Chun Lan and torture her.
If I can’t get anything out of her,
it’s absolutely unacceptable.
That’s not an option.
Even if Chun Lan tells the truth,
the Empress Dowager might misunderstand.
She might think it’s obtained under torture.
Then I would be in deep trouble even if I jumped into the Yellow River.
What if we start with the young eunuch?
That’s not possible.
There might not be such a person in the palace anymore.
Chun Lan’s words
are half true and half false.
The false part?
It must be something others taught her to say.
The true part?
She might have heard it firsthand.
What do you mean half true?
I indeed had Bi Yuan
bring some contraband from outside the palace.
But it wasn’t really
anything serious.
Of course not.
I just had a craving
and asked Bi Yuan to bring back two strings of candied hawthorns.
I just wanted to eat some candied hawthorns.
If you want anything in the future,
just tell me.
Okay.
Bi Yuan, go get Chun Lan’s entry records
from the palace archives.
Do you think this matter was designed by the Empress Dowager?
No.
In my past life, the Empress Dowager strongly supported me as Empress.
I know her character very well.
She wouldn’t use such dirty tricks.
Why are you so sure?
Because I believe
the Empress Dowager is not that kind of person.